Update the machine learning README to reflect the changes (#274)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: machine-learning/README.md

# Machine Learning Training Module

This CCDL-designed module analyzes pediatric brain tumor data from the [OpenPBTA project](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis) using some machine learning methods.
OpenPBTA contains data from [Children's Brain Tumor Tissue Consortium](https://cbttc.org/) and the PNOC003 DIPG clinical trial from the [Pediatric Pacific Neuro-oncology Consortium](http://www.pnoc.us/).

> This material depends on knowledge gained in the [intro to R](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/intro-to-R-tidyverse) module and analyses can be performed within a [Docker container](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/docker-install).

Reviewer: The link to the `Docker container` documentation here appears to be broken.

Reviewer 2: We can link to the Docker repository here. I assume anyone who clicks that link is familiar enough with Docker to know how to get that. https://hub.docker.com/r/ccdl/training_rnaseq

> This material depends on knowledge gained in the [intro to R](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/intro-to-R-tidyverse) module and analyses can be performed within a [Docker container](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/docker-install).

Author: ```suggestion
This material depends on knowledge gained in the [Intro to R](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/intro-to-R-tidyverse) module and analyses can be performed within a [Docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/ccdl/training_rnaseq).
```
